NOTES FOR VERSION 0.2
PLAYTHROUGH NOT FINISHED (lost save data)

River Valley (tested against latest pre):
    Seems fine
    
    Notes:
        Some unlocky map gen might make Greenery100% without forming new rivers/rocks difficult
        Getting full fynbos without forests might be difficult depending on the map.


Hill and Dale (Latest Prerelease):
    Has Severe Problems:
        Rain is expected to be doable in tier 2 despite recycling being a pretty large requirement.


Polluted Bay (tested against latest pre):
    Has Minor Problems:
        Poor generation made getting energy to the northeastern side of the river impossible.
        Second attempt fixed this. Resetsanity?
        
    Notes:
        Taken care of - Decidious Forest requires humidity.
        ~60% humidity without recycling


Abandoned Quarry (tested against latest pre):
    Has problems:
        Easier climate goals don't require access to the big lake. Didn't have enough humidity to get Fungi In Forests (Abandoned Quarry). Had to cheat in Resources to spam irrigators.

    Notes:
        Getting full greenery without lava is possible. Failed once out of 3 attempts.
        Forests need a bit of humidity to grow; this may cause issues. This caused me issues.


Volcanic Glacier (tested against latest pre):
    Fixed Problems:
        Biodome require low humidty, which can be problematic if needing to have gotten high humidity goals without dehumidifier.

    Notes:
        Snow melts can realistically be by using just geothermal generators.
        It's useful to get >0' C for snow to melt before getting full greenery as well as Pelagic Fish; don't know if this is a hard requirement.


Desolate Island (tested against latest pre):
    Fixed Severe Problems:
        This might just be bad generation but I was unable to get beyond 43% humidity and 26C temperature without a mineralizer or recycling or monorail. I was expected to get to ALL goals, so >99% and >40C. Some goals need to be patched to be later, but lower goals like Moss - Maybe something for resetsanity?
        Second attempt I got 38C and 53%, but had to cheat in resources (Environmental Engineer). I think 30 and 50% should be a hard cap.
        Third: 2C (didn't focus temp), 68%.

    Notes:
        There's nothing that prevents Moss from being needed before temperature being too high, potentially locking out without a reset - hence this location should be removed without resetsanity.
        Water pump seems unneeded for all climate goals
        Beach is correctly noted as needing combustor, but not Mangrove.
        Why is Sand Bank required for coral reef, and not Mineralizer?

    
Scorched Caldera (prerelease):
    Notes:
        I coul not get parrots without full recycling